Blog post Prague 2021 schedule (#1589)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/prague/2021/news/announcing-schedule.rst

Start thinking about Writing Day
--------------------------------

Our pre-conference `Writing Day <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/writing-day/>`_ will happen on Sunday, and it is much more fun when folks come with their own projects in mind!

If you have a project or are part of a community that you think would benefit from a writing sprint, start brainstorming now about what you might want to focus on.
If you'd like us to include your project on the Writing Day page, drop us an email at `prague@writethedocs.org <mailto:prague@writethedocs.org>`_.
Or just show up on Sunday ready to introduce your project!

Shirts still on sale
--------------------

The `Write the Docs Prague 2021 Pop-Up Shop <https://shirt.writethedocs.org/>`_ is open! We have loose and fitted options from different fabrics, and you can choose exactly the size and cut you want.

> The campaign will run in 3-day batches until November 30th. Shipping is available from the USA or Europe. However, due to the global shipping situation, we recommend you order your shirt at least 2-3 weeks in advance if you want to sport your new threads during the conference.

Reviewer: Is "sport your new threads" a widely known expression? I haven't heard it before. Clear enough from context though, so not a big deal.

Author: Yeah I suppose it's a bit US-centric, but we've used it before... I don't mind changing it :)

Reviewer 2: "show off your new gear/shirt" if we do want an alternative, but I agree that it isn't needed.

Author: ```suggestion
The campaign will run in 3-day batches until November 30th. Shipping is available from the USA or Europe. However, due to the global shipping situation, we recommend you order your shirt at least 2-3 weeks in advance if you want to wear your new shirt during the conference.
```

> All our events and activities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All conference events and activities
```
